 <ICLE-BR-FF-0063.1> 
This sentence may seem a cliche at first, but it is an unbearable reality that the world is supposed to swallow. The human values such as love, respect and honesty are being darkened or replaced by the desire of pursuit at any price, and the worst part is that this tendency is spreading faster than the mechanisms created to stop it.  
All the spheres of our society are, unfortunately, ruled by the greed. The money itself is not the evil. People have a job and work every day to earn money and have a decent life. The problem starts when one does not see any limits in order to achieve the final goal, which is the money. To some people, the target is only to earn enough for living and to others, the more the better, no matter the means used to reach this continuum. We have reached a point that street sweepers, for example, will only keep a certain place cleaner than usual if someone who is interested in it gives him an extra sum to perform such task carefully; police officers will allow some people to be involved with gun smuggling if they give them a tip; a judge will free someone accused of murder if the murderer and his gang give him a fincial support to do so; the politicians from the Lower and Upper Houses will approve measures that represent the interests of a few men if their monthly bribe (Mensalo) is payed. What is the motivation for this lack of ethic? 
The corruption net that starts with a simple street sweeper, passing through the police officer, the judge and reaching the most powerful leaders of a country is a practice that arised to institutionalize the ambition in relation to money. Some people forgot the meaning, others simply never knew it. They decided not to measure the consequences of their acts. If the street sweeper spent more time cleaning one place, it means that others were left dirty. Allowing smuggling, police officers are taking the money that belong to the government. 
a sum that could help building schools or even give them a raise. If the politicians, who already receive a salary to perform their duties, receive bribes from high authorities of the government, thousands of citizens will not receive the support that supposedly must come from the government. Nowadays, people are misunderstanding the role of money in the human life. It is fantastic to have a good house, a beautiful car and other good things that money can buy. But honesty, humanity and love can never be bought. Again, it is not a cliche, it is an appeal to the ones who seem to be busy enough trying to get money that can not see the real worthwhile purposes of life. 

