 <ICLE-BR-FF-0069.1> 
The 70s was a time of radical changes mainly concerning women's attitude toward their role in society. However, have these changes done good or harm to people? For some more concervative minds those changes in peoples concepts have caused na unpleasant revolution that should never have happened in the world. For others they were part of an essencial step in the development of our society. 
This paper intends to discuss the positive and negative sides of the feminist movement. It also aims to get to a conclusion based on the ideas elaborated in this work.  
One positive aspect to be considered is the deal of discoveries and changes that were taking place in the world in the 19th and 20th centuries regarding psychology, history, sociology, physiology, politics, which led people to a more sharpened concern for women's feelings and rights. As a consequence, the society started to question their believes and men was almost forced to cede some room to women. Womens voice could begin to be listened to at home, at work, at the universities, etc. 
In the beginning of the 20th century women's rights was not a subject that people would treat seriously. Very few women would have their lives apart from a man's financial support, either the fathers or the husbands. Even their sexual activity would exist to satisfy the husband. This, according to Suplicy <R 
, originated from the need for the certainty that the heir of the private property would really be the son of the owner. This happened before the 13th century. Suplicy <R 
affirms that after this time the church established marriage as a universal and indissoluble union and she claims that all the changes in the costumes have always taken place to maintain mes supremacy. 
The feminist movement was the turning point from where several modifications would follow. Gradually women have valued themselves more and more. Nowadays a great number of women have reflected on how they can cooperate with the society and have participated in politics actively. In Brazil, the Constitution of 1934 allowing women to vote, marked a new era for them owing to it was the cause and the consequence of a process that had started to be constructed in the past and have continued in a progress to reach a new way of looking at women. 
Mens salaries have always been higher than women's, so the fight to earn equally in order to be treated with justice as well as the need of being respected as professionals at work are aims of great importance in the development of our society. However, it is undoubtful that many feminists have had a very radical attitude towards their ideals and have gone to extremes which showed that they did not see men as the ones who could possibly be allies but as the opposite sex that will always be the enemies. It is also certain that the capitalist system has found ways to exploit this social phenomenon too, men is allowed to have several women by our society, nowadays, they may have plenty of relationships without actually assuming all the responsibility and expenses of a family. Thus, our attitudes continued to be controlled through the point of view of men. <R 
Finally it is clear that the feminism was a movement which has played an important part in the history of our society. Although it has had positive and negative consequences, it is undoubtful that the changes caused by feminists have transformed the mentality of the people of that time and forced men and women to adopt different attitudes towards their roles in the world. In other words, the revolution of this movement has reached all the areas in which women participate. 
The society is still feeling the results of the appearance of feminism. After many years trying to cope with all the conflicts and to overcome the problems which came from the differences of the sexes, man and woman have modified some of their behaviours in other to maintain a relationship. Both parts have had to review the radicalism of the feminists ideas and have tried to reach a balance in their personal lives. It is not an easy process owing to it demands a lot of resignation mostly from men, who have always wanted to keep the position of power. Despite of that, there is a desire in people to live in peace and harmony and also a hope that men and women will gradually be able to understand their differences and deal with them harmoniously. 

