 <ICLE-BR-FF-0071.1> 
In Brazil, as well as in most Western countries, the penitentiary system consists of arresting criminals, judging them and throwing them in prison for several years, as a means of punishment. In order to keep the society safe and free from criminals, they are kept in prison, where they should learn the value of life, respect and other important aspects to consider when living in a community.  
However, it is known that the penitentiary system is flawed. In Brazil, there are several corrupt policemen, who are bribed by drug dealers to shut their eyes to the dealers illegal negotiations. Thus, a number of the most dangerous criminals are free on the streets, while a poor man who stole a box of milk at the supermarket is in prison. In addition, influent, famous and rich people hardly ever get arrested, and when they do, they manage to get an habeas corpus as soon as possible, whether through a very good lawyer or blackmailing important people. For example, Michael Jackson was accused of sexually harassing several children and, in spite of the evidences presented in the trial, he was considered not guilty. Another good example is the Brazilian actor Marcelo Antony, who was found with a considerable quantity of drugs in his possession, but did not go to trial. 
Another important aspect to be considered is that most jails in Brazil are crowded, which causes fights, murders, rapes and desire for revenge in the convicts. Moreover, they are mistreated, beaten up by the policemen, badly fed and humiliated. Their anger grows to a point from which there is no return. If they are ever released, they will kill a large number of people, because they lost any trace of conscience that they could have had, as portrayed in the movie Sleepers. 
Therefore, the prison system is outdated. Less dangerous criminals, like thieves, drug users or hackers, when arrested, should be rehabilitated, that is, they should do work to help the community. Thus, they would be free from the dangerous environment of the jails, working and living in places where they would feel punished since they would have an obligation to be there, but at the same time learning to live with ordinary people and like them, without drugs or thefts. 
On the other hand, murderers and convicts of rape do not change their minds doing community work or being given another chance. They do not feel guilty about what they do, and if they are released, they will keep committing their crimes. Since there is no rehabilitation possible for them and they are not sick, but evil, they should be killed. They are very dangerous people, who can escape from prison easily, and our society cannot afford to have these kind of criminals on the loose. 
Taking into consideration all the mentioned above, it can be concluded that the penitentiary system is outdated and could be improved by establishing the death penalty for the most dangerous criminals and creating rehabilitation centers and techniques for the less dangerous convicts. 

