 <ICLE-BR-FF-0068.1> 
The society we live in establish patterns which well-succeed people should follow, otherwise they seem impossible to reach. People have to work, to study, to go to the supermarket, to pay the bills and at the same time, they have to be the most efficacious professional, the kindest parents, the most regardful spouse and so on. Moreover, all these stuff has to be often changed, updated and renewed. For women, these obligations can be a little more stressful. In the past, women could fulfill all professional requirements when they got to the market. In some cases, as they were considered inferior, these new workers had to be better than the average. Unfortunately, prejudice brought this behavior to current days. Nowadays, .many women have shown a unbelievable efficiency in order to keep their posts, especially the chief posts. Moreover the conquer of the right of having a carrier did not liberated women from the housewifery duties. These unrewarded job can be as tiring as their profession or even more than it. As a soften policy to ease up all these pressure, the Brazilian government allows women retire five years before man.  
Despite of all these efforts, another question comes up: the woman's role in kids education. Many kids are brought up currently without constant presence of their parents. Absence in fathers case is acceptable because most of the fathers role is to provide family. However there is a belief in which the absence of the mother could be harmful for children. Mothers absence should not be connected to lack of affection. Carrier does not overcome mothers role therefore, it does not destroy the link between mother and child. Even because only the quality of the free time both spend together can measure the strength of this link. In many cases, this is a really hard chore, because lots of women have to provide their kids by themselves. In fact, what is really harmful for kids is lack of attention from mother and from father due to their unsubstitutable role in growth and education. 
Beliefs like these are part of a great range of concepts which comes in and goes out throughout minds that constitute our society. Sexism is a kind of prejudice which is neither too weak to be ignored nor too strong to complaint about it. Prejudice does not favor women or men, both just have to deal with the limitations it puts in their lives. Thus, female behavior and beauty patterns, that are practically impossible to follow, are everywhere. Maybe, nobody can get rid of the judgements that can be made based on them. They can make a woman lose her job, her marriage and sometimes, her health if she did not fit in the exigencies of these patterns, which demands on extreme beauty and eternal youth. Thus far, to things can happen: some women just get depressed while others submit themselves to plastic surgeries, treatments, diets that not rarely put their health in danger. Everything in order to follow an unwise pattern of beauty and behavior. 
Probably, women obey these patterns lead by the education they received before, which sometimes sustain focus on obeying and submission. Young girls growth is plot in a imaginary world in does not incentive the development of decisions or the ways to solve problems. They are just made to believe the charming prince will come and save the princess then all problems are solved. At the same time, boys are brought up with different point of views, such as make decisions and take the control of the situation. Notwithstanding the fact that nowadays, kids are having more wise kinds of education a lot of concepts about education related to boys and girls should be revised. 
An individual item that really deserves to be revised are the laws related to abortion in Brazil. Illegal and bad-succeed abortion is related to the main cause of dying of poor women in the northern state of Bahia. In So Paulo it takes the third place. The Brazilian health system and laws gives a woman all the support if she wants to get pregnant and have this baby. However, if she does not want have this baby due to a great range of reasons, her rights just end up left in the lurch. Then, she might apply herself to become part of the figures shown before. 
The presented until this point just try to elicit that if female conquers have started to do harm, some of them ought to be revised, renewed or updated. And It also must to be realized that lots of these conquers are not enough anymore. 

