 <ICLE-BR-FF-0062.1> 
Some people defend that there is no longer place for dreaming and imagination in our modern world dominated by science, technology and industrialization. The first step in order to agree or disagree with this affirmative is to ask who are these people that defend this point of view.  
The importance of such a question relies on the fact that it seems highly improbable to researchers of any field to propose this idea. If a simplified division of the research fields on Human sciences and Natural sciences is considered, it can be examined that neither of the sides would have reasons to affirm the end of dreaming and imagination in the modern world. 
On the one hand, to what regards the humanistic approach to society, the importance of the individuals and their idiossincracies and maleability must be highlighted. In this sense, researchers who praise the individuals will probably also praise human characteristics and encourage the use and widespread of them. 
On the other hand, to what concerns the natural sciences, the idea that the researchers from these fields would defend the end of dreaming and imagination and praise science, technology and industrialization instead, is merely common sense. In the burgois society, industrialization and technology motivates dreaming at the same time as the peoples dreams are the basis for the development of these areas. In addition, imagination is a crucial element to science, as Einstein once said that the success of his discoveries were also due to the use of imagination. In science, imagination is the key element that allows the researcher to try one stepahead the theories which are already proved, and, sometimes, change a paradigme. 
The second aspect to be analized, in order to discuss the truth of the topic statement of this paper, is the concept of the terms being used. In this sense, several questions should be asked before agreeing or not with the main idea. In addition to the question about who some people are, there must be more questions about the other concepts, so as clarify the true meaning of the statement. For example, what is the meaning of modern world here? What concept of dreaming and imagination is being used as a base? Why are science, technology and industrialization being united in one single group? Aren't there enough differences among them so as to separate one from the others? 
Although I completely disagree with the initial statement, I think it is only possible to really understand the complexity of the topic if some of the questions above were answered and explained. Until then, one can only discuss it based on vague arguments and opinions. 

