 <ICLE-BR-FF-0065.1> 
The main aim of this argumentative essay is to discuss and debate some remarkable ideas among human beings. <* 
Taking George Orwell's novel Animal Farm as a model, it is truly relevant to point out the concept of power and oppression in our nowadays lives. Even though Animal Farm was based on the Russian Revolution of 1917 in a total different context, some ideas still make sense today. It is clear that the novel was written to raise essential issues and to call the attention of the readers concerning political leaders who can use their position to abuse the power and betray their previous speech of freedom and equality.  
Firstly, it is vital to mention the intentions of the author when he wrote the novel, then make a parallel with situations which still happen nowadays. The main aim of Animal Farm was to portray the Russian Revolution which used an extremely oppressive and totalitarian government maskerated by socialism. This government, leadered by Stalin, could not fight against the enormous difference between poor's and riches and the exploitation of ordinary people. All these elements can definitely be seen in the novel and deeply analysed, on the grounds that some people have more rights than others. In Animal Farm, Napoleon (a boar) leads a rebelion against the owner of the farm and then begins to control everything and everyone in a tyranic way. The pigs, regarding to their intelligence, become the leaders of the farm and the other animals start to receive less food and be treated in an oppressive way. An interesting remark is that there is a change in the previous law and only one law is valid <* 
* . This summarizes the whole idea of totalitarianism, since no man is equal to the other, it will depend on the power that this person has over the community. 
It is utterly significant the message which George Orwell passes to the readers. Historically, human beings are always trying to have more social, political or economic power over the other. The concept of democracy has constantly been neglected by the ostentation of the political leaders. Since today it is hard to find a community which has not been corrupted. Normally, a person before having the power over a community has idyllics perspectives and democratic views, or at least tries to convince his/her followers, however when this person finally has the chance to concrete his/her plans, all the principles are ignored. Although the novel begins with a phylosophical speech by a pig against the tyranny of men <* 
* , in the end the revolution does not concentrate anymore on men, but on the controlling of other animals. Furthermore, some animals (mainly the pigs) are behaving and taking on qualities of human beings. <* All in all, taking Animal Farm, by George Orwell as a model to analyse the idea of equality and freedom, it is highly impressive to observe that it does not exist, when there is greediness among men. If a person wants to detach him/herself over the others by his/her power, it will be impossible to have a democratic society. 

