 <ICLE-BR-FF-0067.1> 
Animal Farm by George Orwell is a fable satirizing the Russian revolution in particular and, more generally the cynism of all revolutions that loudly proclaim equality and justice for all but which end up exploiting the masses and suppressing freedom. This book was published in 1945 where Orwell wrote that All men are equal. But some are more equal than others. Unfortunately, this affirmative has not change through the years.  
It is usual to hear that all men are equal and have the same rights. This is all right in theory, but in practice is totally different. The level of social inequalities is not a recent problem; however, this has being considerably increasing nowadays. One of the major cause of this discrepancy is the globalization. In addition to this, we faced the ambicious, greed and the dispute for power and money, as a result, fewer people has the control of the world whereas the majority of the world population is miserable. 
The current political system, capitalism, encourages the individualism; consequently, people becomes more selfish and the collective society has been gradually disappearing from human minds. Since childhood, kids are preparing to face this system rules which motivates a cruel competition in order to know who is more qualified to achieve a successful professional life. This fact also contributes to estimulate people to become so self-centered that they will be able to do everything to achieve their goals even not respect the other. 
Capitalism is definetly not a egualitarian govern of system because this do not offer tha same opportunities concerning: education, wealthy, food and work for everybody. Only the riches have the chance to obtain these guarantees because they are able to pay for these services which is the right for anyone. Actually, the neo-liberalism encourages the state to invest the populations money accordingly to FMI interests; comsenquently, the state do not give support for its people needs. Therefore, the social inequalities, class hypocrisies and the exploitation of the working class has grown than ever before. 
Globalization has been defined in a number of ways, including as a set of processes changing the nature of human interaction across a wide range of spheres including the economic, political, social, technological and environmental. It is clear that all these changes is not efficient to avoid the social inequalities, it is just the opposite. All these transformations accentuates the poveltry around the world where the riches countries dominates and exploits the underdevelopments ones. In other words, the wealth of the world is concentrated on the small part of the globe and just fewer has the control of it whereas this fortune shoul be divided equaly through the world in an attempt to minimize the social inequalities and brings a decent quality of life for all peoples. 
In brief, the field of social inequalities continues its vigorous growth in the early years of the 21st century and the concepts of Animal farm is still update and universalized. The minority is still take advantages of the majority and the egualitarian society is seen as an utopia, a dream which can be considered impossible to become concrete. The world situations is about to enter in a colapse because of the gravity of the social problem, the masses can not support all this injustice anymore and it is necessary to review all this system ideologie in order to organize a equalitarian society where, at least, the basics rights shou'd be conserved for all nations. 

