 <ICLE-BR-FF-0064.1> 
In our modern world many different and demanding tasks are required of people. They have to work, to study, to earn a great amount of money, to be the in everything, to compete and win; finally, they have to be always happy and smiling. But, obviously, they have to comply with so many responsibilities that they become stressful. The pace of life is so fast that sometimes it seems that things are instantaneous and temporary and if people do not pay attention, their lives go by and they do not even notice.  
As far as technology is concerned, briefness is also a striking characteristic. All the technological equipments that are so present in daily life, get old fast; a state-of-the-art computer today, will be outdated tomorrow. These fast changes can make people anguished, since, although they need to be up-to-date, they just can not, because it is too much information. Moreover the industries, though they produce things in a speed that is indispensable in the modern world, can be really harmful. 
Furthermore science technology and industrialization can make people feel unnecessary and isolated. This happens because in our modern world, people are being more and more replaced by machines; in huge industries this fact is even more recurrent. Moreover many people work only with a machine a colleague is never more important or cherished than the computer. The television is also an instrument in isolating people entire families are not able to talk when the television is on. 
However science technology and industrialization, though harmful in many aspects, does not prevent human beings from dreaming and imagining. Although some people let the technology control their lives (like in the example of the television), others see it just as an useful tool to be manipulated for the benefit of humankind, and not the opposite. This way, it is not being said that technology and industrialization are horrible things that have to be abolished from our lives. Actually they can be tools to make our lives better. For instance, industrialized products became indispensable in our daily routine and the Internet, if intelligently used, is also an amazing technological system that links and helps people from all over the world. 
Nevertheless, human capacity of imagining and inventing will never be replaced by machines, even if some people are not aware of that. The modern life requires too much of us, but it will never makes us forget that it is to dream and hope, since we are still human beings and this strange ability to believe is part of us. 
Even in this modern world, technology still needs human beings. This way, it is possible to say that an intelligent and planned association of the speed of technology and the imagination of human beings would be really useful. 
All in all, differently from what some people say, there is still a place for dreaming and imagination in our modern world. It is our task to keep on dreaming and inventing, believing that it is possible to improve ourselves and our world. 

