 <ICLE-BR-FF-0070.1> 
Women surely had been abused and insulted throughout the years. However, the feminist movements were not the best tools to change this reality. The figure of women have been overexposed and misunderstood because of them. At home or inside the society, women have been discovering a different stereotype.  
Throughout the years, the fragile sex have been abused by a masculine society. Men's point of view had been targeted as the right one. Women could not vote, or even speak in public in several societies. The only role that had to be played by women was taking care of children and home. They were made to be wives (housewives). They were treated as animals, but not human beings sometimes. 
Within the time, the feminist movements had raised to be women's exit from the exile. They seemed to claim for better, even equal, rights. Do they really exist? May it be possible someday? The answer tends to be negative. Men and women are different individuals. They will at any time have different roles to play in the society. 
However, it does not mean they have to be under men's position, or abused or even insulted. Even having different purposes, each sex has its own collaboration to mankind. Men really are physically stronger than women. So are the women, but mentally. Men could not take care of babies, for example, better than women. Women could not carry supermarket bags as easily as men. 
On the other hand, a woman can be the president of a company or country. Yet, men are the ones to be respected as the responsible for taking care of family rights and integrity. 
Principally in Brazil, the feminist movements have been causing harm to the women's figure. It is possible to see many girls boozing or kissing more than one man per night. This essay does not claim that men can have those harmful attitudes, but it chooses to show that women is acting like men, principally in the black side, because of the wrong fight for equal rights. Their bodies are common place, their beauty are not to be respected any longer. Their opinion is still denied, because their bodies replace it, regardless of any right! 
Equal rights do not mean equal attitudes. Women can perform men's actions with feminine attitudes and approaches. But doing the same, is a regress. The feminist movements are to modernize or to make society, not only women, proceed. 

