 <ICLE-BR-FF-0066.1> 
A university degree is nowadays regarded as a prerequisite for succeeding in a huge number of areas. In our competitive scenario. 
there is no longer place for those people without a diploma. However, most university degrees are excessively theoretical and thus do not prepare students for the real world. In spite of this, it cannot be claimed that they are therefore of very little value.  
In fact, in most university courses students are not given the opportunity to express their own thoughts. In many cases, pupils are required to read theoretical texts, through which they will make use of the authors ideas and concepts so as to analyze another texts. By taking this situation into consideration, it can be claimed that students are not allowed to have voice, since they have to do their papers, for example, based on another persons thoughts. With this in mind, is it possible to argue that pupils are prepared for the real world? 
In our modern society dominated by technology and competition, people are usually required to make relevant decisions almost all the time. Unfortunately, several people who come from university are still not prepared to face our demanding reality, since they were not taught as well as stimulated to think for themselves. Although the courses are covered with important theoretical concepts and definitions, pupils are not motivated to be in charge of a specific situation. 
In spite of this, it cannot be argued that university degrees are of very little value. Throughout a university course, essential concepts, ideas and definitions are taught as well as discussed. In addition, it is relevant to point out that any process of learning contributes to the development of self-awareness, and thus helping to form conscious citizens. And we cannot deny that most information learned at university is necessary in the real world when dealing with different types of problems or as a way of providing solutions. 
Despite the fact that most university degrees do not prepare pupils to cope with the difficulties of our modern society, it cannot be denied the importance of such courses in peoples formation. Therefore, we should not view the university degree as a worthless learning but instead as a useful tool to survive in our competitive scenario.  
